I am so tired.
I’m really not up to talking
to anyone tonight.
All I want to do
is just find my seat
and enjoy the meeting.
I know Jehovah
will understand if I just . . .
Joanne!
I am so glad to see you!
I could really use your help with preparing
for my next Bible study with Lori.
Well, actually, you know,
I was trying to just get to my . . .
OK, so let me tell you . . .
Wow,
she didn’t even hear me.
I don’t need this right now.
This is really trying my patience.
. . . not saying a word.
But how many times was Jesus
interrupted when he was tired?
“Love is patient and kind.”
Let me listen closely
to what she has to say.
That’s when I remembered
what you told me.
Really?
What did I say?
Remember, you said,
“Always be patient and kind.”
So I kindly pointed out
the key words in the scripture,
and then after asking her
the question again,
I patiently waited
for her to give me an answer
—which, by the way,
is not the easiest thing for me to do.
But, just when I thought
that I couldn’t wait any longer,
she gave me the right answer.
She got the point!
I was so excited!
But now I’m
kind of wondering,
‘Does she really believe
what she said?
And if not, how am I going to help her
to see the truth of the matter?’
And that’s where
I need your help, Joanne.
I’ve been trying to look for articles;
I can’t find anything.
Joanne, can you please
help me with finding an article
on how to reason
with a Bible student?
Angela, of course,
I’d be glad to help you.
Um, could we get together,
maybe, tomorrow afternoon?
Thank you so much, Joanne,
for being willing to help me.
I really appreciate it.
Thank you.
Bill.
Carl, how are you?
Good.
How are you feeling?
Awesome.
Alex . . .
Hey.
I didn’t get a chance
to tell you last week,
but that was a really nice job
you did on your talk.
Yeah, good job.
Ah, thanks, guys!
Believe me,
I’ve been so busy
it was hard
to make time to prepare it.
Oh,
tell me about it!
I think the whole congregation
has had a lot going on lately.
Yeah, it has.
That’s true, but I think
I’ve been extra busy.
Why?
What’s going on?
You’re not sick, are you?
No, no,
it’s nothing like that.
It’s all this
theocratic stuff
—pioneering,
congregation duties,
and other things.
Like this Saturday, I need to be
at the Kingdom Hall all afternoon and . . .
Saturday?
Here?
Why?
Wait a second,
I see where this is going.
Isn’t there a circuit assembly rehearsal
here on Saturday?
Oh yeah, that’s right.
So you’re on the program?
Well, I’m not sure
if I’m supposed to say.
Well, you just did.
So, what is it?
You’re in a demonstration?
An interview?
You can’t just leave us hanging!
OK.
Well, it’s not just an interview.
It’s an interview
with a reenactment,
and then they are going
to ask me questions at the end.
I’m actually on stage
for most of the part.
Come to think of it, guys,
I am the part!
You are the part?
Are you sure
you’re not stretching that a little bit?
No,
I don’t think I am.
OK.
Brother Jones’ part is ten minutes;
I’m up there for six.
That’s more than half the part.
Anyway, so let me tell you
how it’s supposed to go:
They are going to ask me about the time
I did this amazing job out in field service.
I walk up to the door.
Of course, I ring the bell.
But what happens?
It doesn’t work.
I knock louder
than any man ever has.
Bill.
Carl, how are you?
Good.
How are you feeling?
Awesome.
Alex . . .
Hey.
I didn’t get a chance
to tell you last week,
but that was a really nice job
you did on your talk.
Yeah, good job.
Thanks, guys!
With Jehovah’s help,
it came together.
Believe me,
I’ve been so busy.
It was just . . .
It was hard to make time to prepare it.
Oh, tell me about it!
I think the whole congregation
has had a lot going on lately.
Yeah, it has.
You both would know.
Aren’t you both auxiliary pioneering?
How’s that going?
It’s going.
Actually, yesterday I was able to show
one of our jw.org videos to a man.
He said that I can
come back this Saturday.
I think he might even agree
to a study.
You want
to come with me, Alex?
You know, I’m sorry.
I’m going to be tied up
for most of this Saturday.
But maybe Bill
can go with you.
How about it, Bill?
Sure.
I have a call to make too.
Maybe we can do
both calls together.
All right, deal.
So, Bill,
you have a good call too?
Tell us about it.
Oh, yes,
well I met a man . . .
Brother Harris,
do you have a moment?
Sure, Faye,
how can we help you?
Well,
you probably heard by now,
David and I got engaged
this past weekend!
We heard.
Congratulations!
We’re so happy
for both of you.
Thanks so much!
And since this
is where I grew up,
it would mean a lot to us
if we could get married in this Kingdom Hall.
So we were hoping that since you’re
the coordinator of the body of elders,
you’d be able to let us know today
if we can use the hall.
Then David and I can start working
on our wedding invitations.
David asked me to give you this letter
making our official request.
OK.
Let’s take a look.
Oh, yeah,
this is a good letter.
This gives me
all the information I need.
Faye, I can’t imagine you
getting married anywhere else.
You can count on
using the Kingdom Hall.
I’ll let the elders know
that I have already given my approval.
Let David know
we’re looking forward to your big day.
Thanks so much, Brother Harris!
I knew you’d come through for me!
Brother Harris,
do you have a moment?
Sure, Faye,
how can we help you?
Well, you
probably heard by now,
David and I got engaged
this past weekend!
We heard.
Congratulations!
We’re so happy
for both of you.
Thanks so much!
And since this
is where I grew up,
it would mean a lot to us
if we could get married in this Kingdom Hall.
So we were hoping that since you’re
the coordinator of the body of elders,
you’d be able to let us know today
if we can use the hall.
Then David and I can start working
on our wedding invitations.
David asked me to give you this letter
making our official request.
OK.
Yes, this is
a good letter.
This has all the information
that we need.
I’m going to check with the other elders
and we’re going to discuss it,
then we’ll get right back to you.
Oh, you mean
you can’t tell me right now?
I thought
that since you’re the coordinator,
you’d have the authority to
—you know . . .
I understand.
But, there is
a theocratic arrangement
that we all have to follow,
even the elders.
And the arrangement
is for the entire service committee
to discuss this
and to consider the matter thoroughly
before any approval
can be given.
So I don’t have the authority
to make a decision on my own.
Of course,
that makes sense.
I understand.
But don’t worry, Faye, we’re going
to get on this as soon as possible.
Then you can move forward
with your wedding plans.
Thank you so much, Brother Harris.
I really appreciate it.
You’re welcome.
I’m going
to get started right on this.
OK.
Thanks.
Excuse me,
Larry, Frank.
Have either of you
seen Kevin tonight?
Yes, he’s over
by the literature counter.
OK.
I can go get him
if you’d like.
Ah, that would be great.
Thank you very much.
Larry,
perhaps you’ve heard
that Faye Carter
and David Thomas
have recently gotten engaged.
Uh-huh.
And they want to use
the Kingdom Hall for their wedding.
So perhaps you
and Kevin and myself
we could get together
for a few minutes tonight,
and then they could move forward
with their wedding plans.
Tonight?
How many times are you
going to do this to us, Tom?
Do what?
Keep having these
unscheduled meetings.
Look,
maybe you’re not so eager to get home
and spend time with your family,
but some of us are.
‘Not want to spend time
with my family!’
What is that
supposed to mean?
He is way out of line.
I should set him straight
right now.
No, wait.
What am I thinking?
If I react poorly right now,
I could cause
a major rift between us
—even between our families.
And if we elders don’t show
love among ourselves,
imagine how this could affect
the congregation.
What a dishonor that would be
to Jehovah and Jesus!
What do the Scriptures say?
“Do not leave your place.”
“Love . . . does not become provoked.”
Uh, you’re right, Larry.
Um, I’m sorry, I just thought
that maybe it would take a few minutes.
But, uh, we can schedule
a better time for this,
and that way
we can all get home earlier.
No, Tom,
it’s me who
needs to apologize.
I overreacted.
Look, you’re right.
Since all of us are here,
it would be good for us
to take care of this if we can.
OK.
Here comes Kevin.
Let’s see if he’s available.
OK.
Hey, Kevin,
good to see you.
Good to see you too.
Excuse me.
Um, Larry, Frank . . .
We had such
a good time this morning.
I always enjoy working
with you in service.
Same here.
And I hope Ms. Johnson
comes to the meeting this Sunday.
That would be so nice.
Hey, did you ever find
your sunglasses?
No.
I looked all over!
I have no idea
where they could be.
Hey.
Hey, Susan.
Good to see you.
You left these
at my house last night.
Ah, can you believe it?
I should have known.
What?
Susan had another gathering
at her home last night,
and I wasn’t invited
—again!
I just don’t get it.
I knew they
had to be yours.
Thanks again.
I’m always leaving
my stuff behind.
And, Helen,
how are you doing?
I’m fine.
Sorry, I gotta go.
Helen?
What just happened?
I have no idea.
Hey, Helen,
got a second?
What do you want, Susan?
Helen,
I feel like I must have
done something to hurt you,
and I want to apologize
if I have.
Is there something wrong?
I guess you had some more
of the friends over last night?
Well, yes, a few.
Do you mind telling me
why I’m never invited?
Helen, I’m sorry;
I never thought—
Never thought what?
That I would have noticed how many times
you’ve done this to me?
Well, I’ve noticed!
Yesterday makes the third time
in the last couple of months
you’ve had people
to your home without me.
Not to mention the four other times
earlier this year!
I’m so sorry, Helen.
I didn’t mean
to slight you in any way.
And I promise,
it was nothing personal.
“Nothing personal?”
How can you invite
everybody in the congregation
over to your home
for a good time
—except me—
and say that it’s
“nothing personal”?
Good evening,
brothers and sisters.
We invite you
to please find your seats.
Our meeting
is about to begin.
Excuse me.
Um, Larry, Frank . . .
We had such
a good time this morning.
I always enjoy working
with you in service.
Same here.
And I hope Ms. Johnson comes
to the meeting this Sunday.
That would be so nice.
Hey, did you
ever find your sunglasses?
No.
I looked all over!
I have no idea
where they could be.
Hey.
Hey, Susan.
Good to see you.
You left these
at my house last night.
Ah, can you believe it?
I should have known.
Thank you so much, Susan.
Where were they?
Wow.
Susan had
another gathering at her home.
I wonder why
I wasn’t invited again?
Wait.
That’s not important.
She is so hospitable!
I’m going to pray that Jehovah
continues to bless her for it.
And maybe
there’s something I can do.
And, Helen,
how are you doing?
Fine.
How are you, Susan?
Great.
Hey, would you
and you too, Alice,
would you like to work together
in service this Saturday
and then come
to my house for lunch?
That sounds so nice!
Would I like to?
I would love to.
Thank you, Helen!
What can I bring?
Both of you just bring yourselves;
I’ll have everything ready.
Oh, that sounds good!
Oh, I got to go.
Oh, Alice!
Oh, hi, Debbie.
I’ve got to tell you
what I just heard yesterday.
Well, . . .
Remember Bethany, who used to attend
some of our meetings years ago?
Yes, has she started going back
to the meetings again?
Not at all.
She left the man
that she was living with
to move in with another!
Wait!
You’ve been keeping in touch with her?
Well, no,
I haven’t talked to her directly,
but, you know,
word gets around.
Anyway,
can you believe it?
Debbie, we both know that Bethany
has done a lot of bad things
since she stopped
attending the meetings.
And I really hope she
makes changes and comes back.
But in the meantime,
do you really think
we should be spending our time
talking about all the bad things
she’s doing right now?
Well, probably not.
I just figured that since
we all grew up together,
you’d want to know how far
from the truth she has gotten.
But, Debbie,
“love . . . does not rejoice
over unrighteousness,
but rejoices with the truth.”
You know what?
You’re right.
Why talk about this?
We have so many good things
to talk about.
Yes, we do,
like this morning.
Do you remember that call
we went on last week?
Well, Helen and I
went back again this morning,
and the lady was home!
She invited us in,
and we placed a book.
Really!
Yes!
We even got to show her
one of our videos,
and she said she may come
to the meeting this Sunday!
That’s wonderful!
I hope she . . .
Alice, Alice.
Oh, hi, Debbie.
Wow, Brother Green,
I didn’t know it was that bad.
The storm was
far worse than expected.
I had already followed
the order to evacuate the city,
but I had no idea
I’d never see my home again.
My wife had passed away
a few years before the disaster,
and I didn’t have
any family to stay with.
So I really didn’t have
anything to go back to.
So,
what did you do next?
Next?
Next, I learned
what real love is all about.
Wow, they took
all of you into their home?
Yes, six of us.
It wasn’t easy sometimes
for any of us.
But in the end,
we knew
we could get through
anything together
because
“love . . . endures all things.”
Hey, John,
nice to see you again.
Hey, if you don’t have a seat already,
we’d love to have you join us.
Thanks.
This is what,
. . . your fourth time here?
Yeah, yeah,
I’ve just . . .
I’ve never seen
anything like this before.
Like what?
Hello, John.
I just wanted to say hi
and tell you how glad
I am to see you here.
Thank you, Sir.
Nice to see you too.
And, Jimmy, . . .
Hi, Brother Thompson.
I want
to thank you so much
for that package
you dropped off yesterday.
Chloe and I really appreciate
your thoughtfulness.
Anytime,
Brother Thompson, anytime.
Sorry,
don’t mean to interrupt.
Just wanted to come over
and say hello to you both.
John,
really nice to see you here.
Please keep coming.
Thanks.
I will.
And, Jim, as always,
good to see you.
Same here, Gary.
We’re still on
for tomorrow, right?
I’m counting on it.
Six o’clock?
That’s right.
Great.
I’ll see you then.
Now,
where were we?
Well, I was about to say
how friendly everyone is here!
And it’s not just with me.
I mean, it’s with each other.
You people really practice
what you preach.
Well, thanks, John.
You know, Jesus said for us
to ‘have love among ourselves.’
And we really try our best
to follow that command.
Of course, if you keep coming,
you’ll see we’re not perfect.
Well, I think I’ve seen enough
to know that I’m ready
for that Bible study
you’ve been offering me.
Oh, that’s great, John.
Good evening,
brothers and sisters.
You know,
let’s take our seats,
and we’ll talk more
about the Bible study after the meeting.
OK.